{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww33420\viewh21060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The past cannot be changed The future is yet in your power.   Motivational Future Power Past Your You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.   Motivational You Game Better Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.   Inspirational Face You Sun The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.   Intelligence Limits Stupidity Genius Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.   Death Die Heaven Nobody When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry.   Father Son Laugh Cry Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.   Fool Better Thought Speak Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.   Brainy Doing Results Insanity Over Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!   Women Strength Water Hot Life is tough, but it's tougher if you're stupid.   Life You Stupid Tough Top 10   QUOTES View the list The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.   Sky Heart Way There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.   Good Evil Prove Purity Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.   Wait Things Hustle Only You should examine yourself daily. If you find faults, you should correct them. When you find none, you should try even harder.   Yourself You Daily Try An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.   Friendship Mind Friend Evil People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.   People Doing Done Say The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict.   Politics Great Hell Place In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.   Time Truth Truth Is Telling The Truth If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.   Change Science Facts Theory The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.   Creativity Hide Your Secret However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.   Beautiful You Look Strategy Results It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.   Technology Humanity Become Our Large skepticism leads to large understanding. Small skepticism leads to small understanding. No skepticism leads to no understanding.   Small Understanding Skepticism Leads Anytime you see a turtle up on top of a fence post, you know he had some help.   You Know Help See Turtle A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.   Man Fall Nothing Will A picture is worth a thousand words.   Art Words Picture Worth Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence.   Never Incompetence Malice Explained If you done it, it ain't bragging.   You Done Bragging Less is more, unless you're Al Gore.   You More Less Is More Less Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.   Life Love Work Day You I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it.   Funny Water Fish Drink True change takes place in the imagination.   Change Imagination Place True I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.   Wish I Wish Mysterious Cat Write I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves.   More Only Thousand Slaves He was a wise man who invented beer.   Man Beer Wise Wise Man Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.   You Grow Never Will Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words.   Religion Words Use Preach Gospel If you're not first, you're last.   You Last First It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.   Mind Think Way Damn It is a damn poor mind indeed which can't think of at least two ways to spell any word.   Mind Think Damn Poor All warfare is based on deception.   War Deception Warfare Based There is no such thing as a good tax.   \
}